S3 scan docs (#4756)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sources/s3.md

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`notification_type` | Yes | String  | Must be `sqs`.

> `notification_source` | No | String | Determines how to notifications received by SQS. Must be `s3` or `eventbridge`. `s3` represents notifications which are directly sent from Amazon S3 to Amazon SQS or fanout notifications from Amazon S3 to Amazon SNS to Amazon SQS. `eventbridge` represents notifications from [Amazon EventBridge](https://aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/) and [Amazon Security Lake](https://aws.amazon.com/security-lake/). Default is `s3`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`notification_source` | No | String | Determines how notifications are received by SQS. Must be `s3` or `eventbridge`. `s3` represents notifications that are directly sent from Amazon S3 to Amazon SQS or fanout notifications from Amazon S3 to Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to Amazon SQS. `eventbridge` represents notifications from [Amazon EventBridge](https://aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/) and [Amazon Security Lake](https://aws.amazon.com/security-lake/). Default is `s3`. 
```

`compression` | No | String  | The compression algorithm to apply: `none`, `gzip`, or `automatic`. Default is `none`.
`codec` | Yes | Codec  | The [codec](#codec) to apply. 

> `sqs` | Yes | sqs| The SQS configuration. See [sqs](#sqs) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sqs` | Yes | sqs| The SQS configuration. See [sqs](#sqs) for more information.
```

`aws` | Yes | aws | The AWS configuration. See [aws](#aws) for details.

> `on_error` | No | String | Determines how to handle errors in Amazon SQS. Can be either `retain_messages` or `delete_messages`. `retain_messages` leaves the message in the Amazon SQS queue and tries to send the message again. This is recommended for dead-letter queues.  `delete_messages` deletes failed messages. Default is `retain_messages`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`on_error` | No | String | Determines how to handle errors in Amazon SQS. Can be either `retain_messages` or `delete_messages`. `retain_messages` leaves the message in the Amazon SQS queue and tries to send the message again. This is recommended for dead-letter queues. `delete_messages` deletes failed messages. Default is `retain_messages`.
```

buffer_timeout | No | Duration  | The amount of time allowed for writing events to the Data Prepper buffer before timeout occurs. Any events that the Amazon S3 source cannot write to the buffer during the set time are discarded. Default is `10s`.

> `records_to_accumulate` | No | Integer  | The number of messages that accumulate before writing to the buffer. Default is `100`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`records_to_accumulate` | No | Integer  | The number of messages that accumulate before being written to the buffer. Default is `100`.
```

`metadata_root_key` | No | String | The base key for adding S3 metadata to each event. The metadata includes the key and bucket for each S3 object. Default is `s3/`.
`disable_bucket_ownership_validation` | No | Boolean  | When `true`, the S3 Source does not attempt to validate that the bucket is owned by the expected account. The expected account is the same account that owns the Amazon SQS queue. Default is `false`.
`acknowledgments` | No | Boolean  | When `true`, enables `s3` sources to receive [end-to-end acknowledgments]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/pipelines/pipelines#end-to-end-acknowledgments) when events are received by OpenSearch sinks.

> `s3_select` | No | [s3_select](#s3_select) | The S3 select configuration.

Reviewer: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/selecting-content-from-objects.html

`scan` | No | [scan](#scan) | The S3 scan configuration.

> `delete_s3_objects_on_read` | No | Boolean | When `true`, the S3 scan attempts to delete S3 objects after all events from the S3 object are successfully acknowledged by all sinks. `acknowledgments` should be enabled for deleting S3 objects. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: Should the last instance of "for" be "when"?

> `delete_s3_objects_on_read` | No | Boolean | When `true`, the S3 scan attempts to delete S3 objects after all events from the S3 object are successfully acknowledged by all sinks. `acknowledgments` should be enabled for deleting S3 objects. Default is `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`delete_s3_objects_on_read` | No | Boolean | When `true`, the S3 scan attempts to delete S3 objects after all events from the S3 object are successfully acknowledged by all sinks. `acknowledgments` should be enabled when deleting S3 objects. Default is `false`.
```

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`queue_url` | Yes | String | The URL of the Amazon SQS queue from which messages are received.
`maximum_messages` | No | Integer | The maximum number of messages to receive from the Amazon SQS queue in any single request. Default is `10`.
`visibility_timeout` | No | Duration | The visibility timeout to apply to messages read from the Amazon SQS queue. This should be set to the amount of time that Data Prepper may take to read all the S3 objects in a batch. Default is `30s`.
`wait_time` | No | Duration | The amount of time to wait for long polling on the Amazon SQS API. Default is `20s`.

> `poll_delay` | No | Duration | A delay to place between reading/processing a batch of Amazon SQS messages and making a subsequent request. Default is `0s`.

Reviewer 2: How about "A delayed placed between the reading and processing of a batch of Amazon SQS..."?

> `poll_delay` | No | Duration | A delay to place between reading/processing a batch of Amazon SQS messages and making a subsequent request. Default is `0s`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`poll_delay` | No | Duration | A delay places between the reading and processing of a batch of Amazon SQS messages and making a subsequent request. Default is `0s`.
```

## aws

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`region` | No | String | The AWS Region to use for credentials. Defaults to [standard SDK behavior to determine the Region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/region-selection.html).

> `sts_role_arn` | No | String | The AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) role to assume for requests to Amazon SQS and Amazon S3. Defaults to null, which will use the [standard SDK behavior for credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/credentials.html).

Reviewer: Should "null" be in code font?

> `sts_role_arn` | No | String | The AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) role to assume for requests to Amazon SQS and Amazon S3. Defaults to null, which will use the [standard SDK behavior for credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/credentials.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`sts_role_arn` | No | String | The AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) role to assume for requests to Amazon SQS and Amazon S3. Defaults to `null`, which will use the [standard SDK behavior for credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/credentials.html).
```

Option | Required | Type    | Description
:--- | :--- |:--------| :---
`skip_lines` | No | Integer | The number of lines to skip before creating events. You can use this configuration to skip common header rows. Default is `0`.

> `header_destination` | No | String  | A key value to assign to the header line of the S3 object. If this option is specified, then each event will contain a header_destination field.

Reviewer: Should the second instance of "header_destination" be in code format?

> `header_destination` | No | String  | A key value to assign to the header line of the S3 object. If this option is specified, then each event will contain a header_destination field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`header_destination` | No | String  | A key value to assign to the header line of the S3 object. If this option is specified, then each event will contain a `header_destination` field.
```

`quote_escape` | No  | String  | A single character used for escaping the quotation mark character inside an already escaped value. Maps directly to the [QuoteEscapeCharacter](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_CSVInput.html#AmazonS3-Type-CSVInput-QuoteEscapeCharacter) property.
`comments` | No   | String  | A single character used to indicate that a row should be ignored when the character is present at the start of that row. Maps directly to the [Comments](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_CSVInput.html#AmazonS3-Type-CSVInput-Comments) property.

#### json<a name="s3_select_json"></a>

Use the following option in conjunction with `json` for `s3_select` to determine how S3 Select processes the JSON file.

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`type` | No  | String  | The type of JSON array. May be either `DOCUMENT` or `LINES`. Maps directly to the [Type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_JSONInput.html#AmazonS3-Type-JSONInput-Type) property.

## Using `scan` with the `s3` source<a name="scan"></a>

> The following parameters allow you to scan S3 objects. All options ban be configured at the bucket level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following parameters allow you to scan S3 objects. All options can be configured at the bucket level.
```

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> `start_time` | No  | String | The start of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with  either `end_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer: I'm not following the first sentence in the description. Can we revise for clarity?

> `start_time` | No  | String | The start of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with  either `end_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`start_time` | No  | String | The start of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword that represents the current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with either `end_time` or `range`. 
```

> `start_time` | No  | String | The start of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword that represents the current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with either `end_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`start_time` | No  | String | The start of the time range from which to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword that represents the current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with either `end_time` or `range`. 
```

> `end_time` | No | String  | The end of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `end_time` with  either `start_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer: I'm not following the first sentence in the description. Can we revise for clarity?

Reviewer 2: "The ending time that all objects were scanned from all buckets?"

```suggestion
`end_time` | No | String  | The ending time that all objects were scanned from all buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `end_time` with  either `start_time` or `range`. 
```

> `end_time` | No | String  | The end of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `end_time` with  either `start_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`end_time` | No | String  | The end of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword that represents the current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `end_time` with either `start_time` or `range`. 
```

> `end_time` | No | String  | The end of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword that represents the current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `end_time` with either `start_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`end_time` | No | String  | The end of the time range from which to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword that represents the current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `end_time` with either `start_time` or `range`. 
```

> `range` | No  | String  | The last modified time range to scan objects from all buckets. If configured with `start_time`, defines a last modified time range with `start_time` + `range`. If configured with `end_time`, defines a last modified time range with `end_time` - `range`. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). 

Reviewer: I'm not following the first sentence in the description. Can we revise for clarity?

Reviewer 2: "The time range where objects are scanned from all buckets?"

```suggestion
`range` | No  | String  | The time range where objects are scanned from all buckets. If configured with `start_time`, defines a last modified time range with `start_time` + `range`. If configured with `end_time`, defines a last modified time range with `end_time` - `range`. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). 
```

`buckets` | Yes  | List | A list of [buckets](#bucket) to scan.

> `scheduling` | No  | List | The configuration for scheduling periodic scan on all buckets. `start_time`, `end_time` and `range` are not required if scheduling is configured. 

Reviewer 3: `are not allowed` instead of `are not required`

> `scheduling` | No  | List | The configuration for scheduling periodic scan on all buckets. `start_time`, `end_time` and `range` are not required if scheduling is configured. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`scheduling` | No  | List | The configuration for scheduling periodic scans on all buckets. `start_time`, `end_time` and `range` can not be used if scheduling is configured. 
```

### bucket

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`bucket` | Yes | String list | Provides options for each bucket.

You can configure the following options inside the bucket setting.

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`name` | Yes | String   | The string representing the S3 bucket name to scan.
`filter` | No | [Filter](#filter) | Provides the filter configuration.

> `start_time` | No  | String | The start of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with  either `end_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer: I'm not following the first sentence in the description. Can we revise for clarity?

> `start_time` | No  | String | The start of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with  either `end_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`start_time` | No  | String | The start of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword that represents the current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with either `end_time` or `range`. 
```

> `start_time` | No  | String | The start of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with  either `end_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`start_time` | No  | String | The start of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with either `end_time` or `range`. 
```

> `start_time` | No  | String | The start of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with either `end_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`start_time` | No  | String | The start of the time range from which to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword that represents the current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `start_time` with either `end_time` or `range`. 
```

> `end_time` | No | String  | The end of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `end_time` with  either `start_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer: I'm not following the first sentence in the description. Can we revise for clarity?

> `end_time` | No | String  | The end of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword which represents current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `end_time` with  either `start_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`end_time` | No | String  | The end of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword that represents the current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `end_time` with either `start_time` or `range`. 
```

> `end_time` | No | String  | The end of the last modified time to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword that represents the current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `end_time` with either `start_time` or `range`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`end_time` | No | String  | The end of the time range from which to scan objects from all the buckets. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`, or it can be configured to the keyword that represents the current `LocalDateTime`, such as `now`. To define a time range, use `end_time` with either `start_time` or `range`. 
```

> `range` | No  | String  | The last modified time range to scan objects from all buckets. If configured with `start_time`, defines a last modified time range with `start_time` + `range`. If configured with `end_time`, defines a last modified time range with `end_time` - `range`. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). 

Reviewer: I'm not following the first sentence in the description. Can we revise for clarity?

> `range` | No  | String  | The last modified time range to scan objects from all buckets. If configured with `start_time`, defines a last modified time range with `start_time` + `range`. If configured with `end_time`, defines a last modified time range with `end_time` - `range`. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`range` | No  | String  | The time range where objects are scanned from all buckets. If configured with `start_time`, defines a last modified time range with `start_time` + `range`. If configured with `end_time`, defines a last modified time range with `end_time` - `range`. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). 
```

### filter

Use the following options inside the `filter` configuration.

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`include_prefix` | No | List | A list of S3 key prefix strings included in the scan. By default, all the objects in a bucket are included. 
`exclude_suffix` | No  | List | A list of S3 key suffix strings excluded from the scan. By default, no objects in a bucket are excluded.

### scheduling
Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> `interval` | Yes  | String | Indicates the minimum interval between each scan. The next scan in the interval will start after the interval duration from the last scan and when all the objects from the previous scan are processed. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). 

Reviewer 2: Does this help?

```suggestion
`interval` | Yes  | String | Indicates the minimum interval between each scan. The next scan in the interval will start after the interval duration from the last scan completes and when all the objects from the previous scan are processed. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). 
```

> `count` | No | Integer | Specifies how many times bucket will be scanned. Defaults to `Integer.MAX_VALUE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`count` | No | Integer | Specifies how many times a bucket will be scanned. Defaults to `Integer.MAX_VALUE`.
```

* `sqsMessagesReceived`: The number of Amazon SQS messages received from the queue by the `s3` source.
* `sqsMessagesDeleted`: The number of Amazon SQS messages deleted from the queue by the `s3` source.
* `sqsMessagesFailed`: The number of Amazon SQS messages that the `s3` source failed to parse.

> * `s3ObjectNoRecordsFound` - The number of S3 objects that resulted in 0 records added to the buffer by the `s3` source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `s3ObjectNoRecordsFound` -- The number of S3 objects that resulted in 0 records added to the buffer by the `s3` source.
```

* `sqsMessagesDeleteFailed` - The number of SQS messages that the `s3` Source failed to delete from the SQS queue.

> * `s3ObjectsDeleted` - The number of S3 objects deleted by the `s3` source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `s3ObjectsDeleted` -- The number of S3 objects deleted by the `s3` source.
```

> * `s3ObjectsDeleteFailed` - The number of S3 objects that the `s3` source failed to delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `s3ObjectsDeleteFailed` -- The number of S3 objects that the `s3` source failed to delete.
```
